Hey Guys welcome to this section.
OK so in this section I'm going to be telling you that how can you prepare your website for the ASIO's
who will be doing the on page SEO that is within the website like how you can prepare your website for
the CEO and how you can implement everything that Google sees.
OK so before just going into that I want to give you my tips and those are like make sure that your
website consist of the following pages.
OK.
The about us the home is always there obviously.
So the About Us Contact Us terms and conditions and Privacy Policy.
These four pages are really necessary if you have it your Web site.
They'll go amazing.
So these five pages are highly recommended by me.
OK.
So let's suppose that if a Web site is based on the on page or sorry the single page website.
OK the one page website that what you have to do like the first project that we were building on was
the let's build a personal Razi you might say OK.
So let's just say to and this is just based on a single page and how we're going to make sure that a
website loads fast.
Oh sorry that oversight.
How can we add pages.
OK.
Like about us and contact us.
So I would say is to just create it.
Do not add it in the menu if you do not want to.
OK.
But make sure to create those pages because if you have it you have upset credibility will be increased.
And Google Ville Crawley website.
I don't know if Google really implies that but in my experience I have seen that it upsets those who
have these critical pages.
They rank more.
OK.
So if you have at your Web site of Filby ranking on more on the first page of Google.
So now let's suppose that what to add in the About Us.
I don't think so if I have to ask you about it give you the examples of the About Us pages.
OK you can go ahead and you can measure the different.
There's a different type of websites.
OK.
And then you can look at the About Us page but in the Contact Us page I have seen that you have to add
that you have to add them.
OK.
So in the conduct this page you first have to give the address email address and phone number of working
office hours if possible because you go to Google Ville crawl it crawl your Web site Google Ville search
your web site and then Google will search your website and then it will mark the website to be authentic.
So if you have it it is good for you.
Now the second thing is that make sure to also add the contact form.
OK so you guys already know about it like how to have the contact form and how to do that.
And the third one is the map.
Make sure to add the maps so let me give you an example of the Contact Us page.
OK.
I'm going to go to.
And the slash contact.
So I'm just giving you an example of conduct that's bait.
I'm not telling you that you have to copy it.
OK.
Because you don't have to copy it.
But if you add it to your website it look amazing.
OK so you can see this is an example like address phone numbers and the e-mail address the contact form
is also here.
And they also have a map so if you have something like that then have a look at it.
We are also working on a project that was the tree.
I hope so if I just go to the contact page that I'm going to give you an example like this is also a
great example that we were building a business website for this.
So I think this is the S3.
Yes this was the one.
OK you can see how it is looking and saying get a call find us and we have a phone number for a number
displayed here and everything.
So it is taking some time to load.
OK.
This is not the like catchy optimized our website is not the catchy up to my so we have to optimize
it for that.
And we've learned so don't worry.
We will also learn how to make sure that our website has the SSL certificate which helps in the ranking.
OK.
So let's wait till this is load.
It is taking so much time.
The reason is that it has the image that we need to compress.
OK so I'm going to be telling you each and everything like how you can do that and how it is done.
OK.
So let's wait.
OK so here we go you can see how it is looking.
This conduct this page is looking amazing.
OK.
So I seriously like this page so you can see how great this page is looking into it.
OK so you can create a page like this.
OK so I'm just giving you an example.
So if you have a page like this your page will not only look good but if you just give every information
about your company and everything you say.
Google the MMOG that Web site to be authentic.
OK I don't know.
I don't know.
I personally don't know if Google doolally works but I have seen their Web sites that do around most.
They have these pages and their privacy policy and the terms and conditions is a must.
OK so it is 100 percent mossed you should be having these pages.
Supremacy both C and the terms and conditions.
So you can generate your page for the privacy policy and the terms and conditions you can write it like
a privacy policy generator OK.
And then here you can just go to the pages that they that it has so this one it will ask you some questions
like Does your have has this like.
Are you the web site owner or this.
OK so I'm just going to go like this web site owner OK.
Why are you creating this.
Because to sell digital products to sell service website or blog provides free information.
So let's suppose that I have this.
OK.
And then I have this next so then 10 and tell me what personal information you collect from people so
you can select everything and it will ask you a question and then it'll generate all your policies.
OK so this is how it works.
So now I think we're totally done with the tips of the pages that we should be adding in to our Web
site.
OK.
So now when you have it congratulations guys you have done the first step.
You have to build the Attend to city and now your web site is 100 percent complete.
OK so now we're going to be covering some tips like how the keyword works what is a key word and how
you have to manipulate every key word in your content and how everything will work and SEO.
And then we're going to be moving forward it's like this whole sort of a gate and everything.
So stadium guys and an upcoming video will be working up at that.
Goodbye.